Adds details for a local deploy (#10)
Sindri-Labs/sindri-scroll-sdk: demo/README.md

# Deploy Sindri Provers

This demo builds on the mini-kube deployment of [scroll-sdk](https://scroll-sdk-init.docs.scroll.xyz/en/sdk/guides/devnet-deployment/).

## Prerequisites

> 1. Before you begin the process below make sure that you have already completed deployment of [scroll-sdk](https://scroll-sdk-init.docs.scroll.xyz/en/sdk/guides/devnet-deployment/) using mini-kube.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you attempt to launch the proving layers make sure that you have already completed the deployment of all other services in [Scroll SDK](https://scroll-sdk-init.docs.scroll.xyz/en/sdk/guides/devnet-deployment/) using minikube.
Here are two easy heuristics to ensure that all pods are healthy and you are ready to launch the provers:
* run `kubectl get pods` and ensure that `coordinator-api-0` has a status of `Running` 
* run `scrollsdk test ingress` and ensure that all URLs are reachable.
```

> 2. Clone the [sindri-scroll-sdk](https://github.com/Sindri-Labs/sindri-scroll-sdk) repository.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Clone the [sindri-scroll-sdk](https://github.com/Sindri-Labs/sindri-scroll-sdk) repository and navigate to the `demo/` directory.
```bash
git clone sindri-scroll-sdk
cd demo
```
````

## Install Sindri Provers

> 1. Create copies of the values files found in `values/`
>    - Change the `-demo.yaml` to `-local.yaml`

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Create your own copy of each of the value files found in `values/`.
These local files will contain your private Sindri API key, but also can be used to fine-tune the behavior of the Sindri provers.
```bash
cd values
cp prover-batch-demo.yaml prover-batch-local.yaml
cp prover-bundle-demo.yaml prover-bundle-local.yaml
cp prover-chunk-demo.yaml prover-chunk-local.yaml
cd ..
```
````

> 2. For each of the 3 values files (`prover-batch-local.yaml`, `prover-chunk-local.yaml`, `prover-bundle-local.yaml`) make the following modifications:
>    - Modify `"api_key": "<your-api-key>"` by replacing `<your-api-key>` with your Sindri api key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each of the three values files (`prover-batch-local.yaml`, `prover-chunk-local.yaml`, `prover-bundle-local.yaml`) you should now modify the `"api_key"` field, replacing `<your-api-key>` with your [Sindri api key](https://sindri.app/z/me/page/settings/api-keys).
```

> 3. Identify the desired [version](https://github.com/Sindri-Labs/sindri-scroll-sdk/pkgs/container/sindri-scroll-sdk%2Fhelm%2Fscroll-proving-sindri)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Identify the desired [version](https://github.com/Sindri-Labs/sindri-scroll-sdk/pkgs/container/sindri-scroll-sdk%2Fhelm%2Fscroll-proving-sindri).
Generally, the latest stable release is safe to use with the latest Scroll SDK coordinator.
```

> 4. Run deploy.sh
>    ```bash
>    SINDRI_VERSION=0.0.2 ./deploy.sh
>    ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Now, you can launch all Scroll zkEVM proving services with one command via 
   ```bash
   SINDRI_VERSION=0.0.2 ./deploy.sh
   ```
Running `kubectl get pods` should reveal three new services, one for each circuit type.
Assuming your chain has proving tasks, you can monitor the progress of proof generation either via the logs of any prover pod or via Sindri's web front-end after logging in:
* https://sindri.app/z/scroll-tech/batch_prover/proofs
* https://sindri.app/z/scroll-tech/bundle_prover/proofs
* https://sindri.app/z/scroll-tech/chunk_prover/proofs
````

Reviewer: Shoot, one more thing. Can you add a little blurb at the end here for how to shut the provers down?
